Hello everyone today, I wanted to please
but man means samsung star 2
usually the phone on the principle of ordinary
firmware I had but I hung out
Of course a little bit taken into account Yes, so I
decided to flash went to youtube wrote
how did you go further went to this man
lame white here he had a video
now I'll show you everything
how to flash samsung 152 60 liters
firmware males then 2
we see that I downloaded everything like it
explained by saw I had everything
normally explained everything to me which means that
there how to download the driver and then
let's say
multiloader firmware program i'm all
did so downloaded everything and after the firmware
I have a phone after
recount white screen purely he does not at all
I did not react at first I
I do not know what to do here is the same gram
white did not know what to do to panic
started the phone itself bought new because
I no longer know what to do was started
look repainted he said
I advised to repaint the firmware I
I flashed all the same white screen
nothing even started
I already then
Further our new firmware on the phone
I ask and everything is fine with me
thank God
In general, such videos of course do such
video do know excuse me
Of course not necessary because I have
the phone needs a lot to just break and
all but break I would just throw it away
money so friends please don't
flashing from this person I
justify he will help all thanks to all